# Fall 2019 Senior Capstone — Assignment 1 (Project Planning)

* **Do not edit this file.**  
* **Do not start this project until you have read these instructions carefully.**

## Introduction
Using what you learned about project management using Agile methodologies, ZenHub, and GitHub, you and your team will settle on the requirements for your final project, designing your first sprint using ZenHub and GitHub. This first sprint will be delivered in 8 business days and will be reviewed in class on 25 September 2019.

## Before You Begin
1. Log in to GitHub.
2. Fork this repo(sitory). See [this video](http://code-warrior.github.io/tutorials/git/github/forking-and-cloning-at-the-github-web-site/) on how to carry out this step and step `3`.
3. Clone your fork, using either the web site or the GitHub Desktop client.
4. Checkout your personalized branch, the one with your name and GitHub user handle.

## The Rules
* Decide on a name for the project.
* Decide who on the team will own the repo for the project.
* Create a GitHub repo for the project, using kebab case for the name.
* Create a ZenHub Workspace and name it after your project, but use title case.
* Settle on linting conventions for HTML and CSS.
* Settle on linters for HTML and CSS.
* Settle on EditorConfig conventions.
* Define the data that must persist, such as user names, passwords, preferences, etc.
* Define labels outside of the 7 default labels GitHub provides.
* Populate only the New Issues pipeline.
* All issues should be assigned to someone.
* All issues must have an estimate.
* All issues must have a user story.
* All issues must have a priority.
* All issues must have at least one label.
* All issues must be clear, well-defined, and proofread.

When you’re done
1. Come back to this repo.
2. Checkout your personalized branch (if you haven’t already done so).
3. Open `links-to-student-repos-containing-initial-sprint.md` and, under your name, replace `URL HERE` with the URL of the ZenHub tab of your project.

## Due Date
⏰ **Wednesday, 25 September 2019, at 8:00 AM. 🚫 _No late work will be accepted._**

## Submission
Issue a pull request back into the original repo, the one from which your forked was created, before the deadline. [Look at these videos](http://code-warrior.github.io/tutorials/git/github/) for help on how to do so.

**Note**: This assignment may *only* be submitted via GitHub. 🚫 **_No other form of submission will be accepted_**.

## Grading
| Item                                                        | Points |
|-------------------------------------------------------------|:------:|
| **Linting conventions defined as an issue in HTML and CSS** | `10`   |
| **Linter chosen for HTML and CSS**                          | `10`   |
| **EditorConfig conventions defined as an issue**            | `10`   |
| **Persistent data defined**                                 | `10`   |
| **Only the New Issues pipeline contains issues**            | `10`   |
| **Issues assigned to a team member**                        | `10`   |
| **Issues contain an estimate**                              | `10`   |
| **Issues named using user stories**                         | `10`   |
| **Issues are prioritized**                                  | `10`   |
| **Issues contain at least one label**                       | `10`   |

